Update README.md, output hashes, and update catalog-info (#9)
elastic/kibana-custom-nodejs-builds: README.md

### Build with override parameters
Or you can set override parameters on buildkite when starting the job:
```
OVERRIDE_TARGET_VERSION=18.17.0
OVERRIDE_RE2_VERSION=1.20.1
```

### What happens after?
You should see the job starting up two tasks in parallel. Those are the (node.js + re2) builds per platform. The arm64 cross-compilation takes a while, but once they're done, we also create a `SHASUMS256.txt` based on the original version's hashes, but updating the entries for our custom-built versions.

All the artifacts will be uploaded to this bucket: [kibana-custom-node-artifacts](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/kibana-custom-node-artifacts;tab=objects?forceOnBucketsSortingFiltering=true&project=elastic-kibana-184716&supportedpurview=project&prefix=&forceOnObjectsSortingFiltering=false&pageState=(%22StorageObjectListTable%22:(%22f%22:%22%255B%255D%22)))

### How to use these builds in Kibana?

> - First, follow the guide for upgrading node.js for Kibana: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/8.9/upgrading-nodejs.html

Reviewer: Tip: Use `current` so the link stays up to date with whatever is the current stack version

```suggestion
- First, follow the guide for upgrading node.js for Kibana: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/upgrading-nodejs.html
```

The main usecase right now is building `node.js@18+` with `glibc@2.17`, which is required for some older platforms. (More context: https://github.com/nodejs/unofficial-builds/pull/69)

## How to generate a new build? 
We have a kibana-flavored buildkite job that does most of the work for building these distributables, by running the scripts in this repo. You can find the job here: https://buildkite.com/elastic/kibana-custom-node-dot-js-builds - [configured here](https://github.com/elastic/kibana-buildkite/blob/main/pipelines/kibana-custom-node-build.tf).

### Build on a branch
You can either create a new branch, where you set the new default values for the Node & re2 versions, and run a new build on that branch (or get the PR merged, and run a build on `main`). See [this PR](https://github.com/elastic/kibana-custom-nodejs-builds/pull/8) for reference.

> ### Build with override parameters

Reviewer 2: Can we add an extra note about what is needed to be done regards RE2 bumps? 

https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/src/dev/build/tasks/patch_native_modules_task.ts#L43

https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/src/dev/build/tasks/patch_native_modules_task.ts#L53

Author: okay!
